You said Yuwen Hao sent someone to assassinate him
How is that possible?
Radiation
It's a pity that the assassin killed himself after biting his tongue
And the minister thought this was ridiculous
Until Princess Chu
When he was about to murder the emperor's grandfather, it broke out
I just realized the way
What do you mean?
At present, Princess Chu is very busy
He must be waiting for an opportunity to murder Huangzu Buddha
After he succeeds
The fifth brother arranged for a place to be given by the emperor
So far
Help Princess Chu leave the palace and return to the palace
The second is to confuse the audition
Sister is extremely injured
Escape this disaster
Imagine if it weren't for the father's discernment
When I found out that Princess Chu had drugged
When the emperor's grandfather was killed tonight
Who would doubt the mother who was just given by the emperor?
You are talking nonsense.
That night Yuwen Hao Shang Zhou
The imperial doctors said they were helpless
Why should he do this if he works and rests?
Humph
The imperial doctors are helpless
Then why did you go back?
The fifth has a good master
It must be your husband and wife who are complicit
Create the illusion of the dead father and the world
You turn black and white nonsense upside down
Your words are enough to know that you have ulterior motives
From now on, the King of Chu will not be allowed to enter the palace shamelessly
Just for you
The purpose is to find out the backlog before
The princess is not allowed to go out